docs: add `line_terminator` to `filestream` and `log` config docs (#50937)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-filestream.md

The maximum number of bytes that a single log message can have. All bytes after `message_max_bytes` are discarded and not sent. The default is 10MB (10485760).

### `line_terminator` [filebeat-input-filestream-line-terminator]

> The characters that separate lines in the input file. The default is `auto`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the characters used to separate lines in the input file. The default is `auto`.
```

Let's make it a proper sentence.

Valid values:

> * `auto`: Detects both LF and CR+LF line endings (U+000A and U+000D U+000A).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto`: Automatic detection of LF and CR+LF line endings (U+000A and U+000D U+000A).
```

I suggest rephrasing to keep the structure consistent with other items on the list. 

As for the next thing, I'm not sure I have enough context, so use your best judgement: Does `auto` detect any other type? If not, maybe it's worth mentioning explicitly, e.g.: "Other line-ending types must be configured explicitly."
